This exercise contains the most important code that you will need to learn
about in order to manage the process of separating contracts into data and application.
So let's walk through the code and get some more information
about exactly why and what certain code lines are doing. All right.
So the first thing that we want to do is in our application contract,
we want to add a reference to the data contract.
So the idea here is to add an interface.
If you have programmed in
other object-oriented languages or environments such as.NET or Java,
you very familiar already with the concept of interface,
and that's precisely what this is.
What we are doing is telling the app contract how to interact with the data contract,
and specifically, we want to add the ability for it to call the update employee.
So let's go ahead and remove our stub and edit in here.
So we need to make sure that all the parameters match,
and notice here that earlier my stub
had internal as the visibility and we'll want that to be external.
Let us look at why. So if you consider the data contract,
initially "Update employee" was called internally from that same contract.
Now, it has to be called from an external contract which is the app contract,
and therefore it's necessary for us to modify the visibility of this to external.
So now we've modified the data contract,
changed the scope visibility to external,
and in our app contract,
we've also defined an interface that points us to the "Update employee."
All right. So with that done,
we have completed a part of it.
Now we have here a reference that is now orphaned,
that's because I removed the stub.
The stub was the reason this was working earlier and it no longer exists.
So how do we mitigate that?
Well, what we want to do is we want to tell
our app contract about the existence of the data contract.
So let's do that by introducing a state variable here,
and we'll do that by calling the state variable by the name of the data contract,
and we'll go ahead and put that variable here.
So at this point what we have is a variable within
our app contract that references another contract,
in this case our data contract.
The way we can get rid of this problem here
is we can tell it that it belongs to the data contract,
and once we do that,
you can see that the squiggly went away and we know that that's now good.
So just to reiterate real quick.
The steps to actually making the separation work is in the calling contract,
the one that has the application logic.
Have an interface that indicates
what functions exist in the data contract that you'll be referring to.
It's important that the scope of
those functions or the visibility be external because otherwise,
it would not be possible for this contract to call into that one.
So the signature of the function must match.
So it's string uint256 external,
and we have the same thing here.
So at this point,
let's run truffle compile and look at the output,
and most of our compiler warnings should no longer exist.
There we go. So we've cleanly separated
both the contracts and each one understands what the other one is referring to.
So in this case specifically,
we're talking about the app contract knowing how to connect with the data contract.
Now, one thing you may have observed is while I
created the variable for the contract,
there is no place where actually initialized it.
So that's something that we have to resolve shortly.
So go to that line of code here. It's right here.
So while the variable exist,
it has not been initialized,
and so while it compiles,
we will almost certainly have errors at runtime.
So we'll get into that in our next exercise,
but before that, let's take a quick quiz.
What is the correct way to reference
data contract functions from the application contract?